Title,Description
Food Price Outlook,Department of Agriculture — The Consumer Price Index (CPI) for food is a component of the all-items CPI. The CPI measures the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a...
National Flood Hazard Layer (NFHL),"Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security — The National Flood Hazard Layer (NFHL) is a compilation of GIS data that comprises a nationwide digital Flood Insurance Rate Map. The GIS data and services are..."
US EPA Nonattainment Areas and Designations,"U.S. Environmental Protection Agency — This web service contains the following state level layers:Ozone 8-hr (1997 standard), Ozone 8-hr (2008 standard), Lead (2008 standard), SO2 1-hr (2010 standard),..."
U.S. Local Climatological Data (LCD),"National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce — Local Climatological Data (LCD) are summaries of climatological conditions from airport and other prominent weather stations managed by NWS, FAA, and DOD. The product..."
"U.S. Crude Oil, Natural Gas, and Natural Gas Liquids Reserves","Department of Energy — Annual data on proved reserves of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in the U.S. Based on EIA Form-23L data. Proved reserves are estimated volumes of..."
"The EPA Automotive Trends Report: Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Fuel Economy, and Technology since 1975",U.S. Environmental Protection Agency — This annual report is part of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) commitment to provide the public with information about new light-duty vehicle...
National Greenhouse Gas Emission Inventory,U.S. Environmental Protection Agency — The National Greenhouse Gas Emission Inventory contains information on direct emissions of greenhouse gases as well as indirect or potential emissions of greenhouse...
"U.S. Billion-dollar Weather and Climate Disasters, 1980 - present (NCEI Accession 0209268)","National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce — This NCEI accession contains U.S. disaster cost assessments of the total, direct losses ($) inflicted by: tropical cyclones, inland floods, drought & heat waves,..."
Commercial and Residential Hourly Load Profiles for all TMY3 Locations in the United States,"Department of Energy — Note: This dataset has been superseded by the dataset found at ""End-Use Load Profiles for the U.S. Building Stock"" (submission 4520; linked in the submission..."
NOAA Digital Coast Sea Level Rise and Coastal Flooding Impacts Viewer,"National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce — The Sea Level Rise and Coastal Flooding Impacts Viewer depicts potential sea level rise and its associated impacts on the nation's coastal areas. These coastal areas..."
"Report on U.S. Methane Emissions 1990-2020: Inventories, Projections, and Opportunities for Reductions: 2001 Updated emission and cost estimates","U.S. Environmental Protection Agency — This dataset contains relative and absolute forecasts of emissions through 2020 for landfills, natural gas and oil systems, coal mines, manure management and enteric..."
Clean Air Status and Trends Network (CASTNET) Download Data Module,"U.S. Environmental Protection Agency — The CASTNET Download Data module allows users to select, view, and download CASTNET data (Raw, Aggregate, Modeled & Factual Data) based on user selections...."
Sea Level Trends: Sea Level Variations of the United States Derived from National Water Level Observation Network Stations,"National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce — Water level records are a combination of the fluctuations of the ocean and the vertical land motion at the location of the station. Monthly mean sea level (MSL)..."
Maritime Limits and Boundaries of United States of America,"National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce — NOAA is responsible for depicting on its nautical charts the limits of the 12 nautical mile Territorial Sea, 24 nautical mile Contiguous Zone, and 200 nautical mile..."
Emission & Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID),U.S. Environmental Protection Agency — The Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) is a comprehensive source of data on characteristics of almost all electric power generated in the...
USGS Water Use Data for the Nation - National Water Information System (NWIS),Department of the Interior — The U.S. Geological Survey's National Water-Use Information Program is responsible for compiling and disseminating the nation's water-use data. The USGS works in...
NACP North American Forest Dynamics Project: Forest Disturbance and Regrowth Data,National Aeronautics and Space Administration — This data set provides the results of time-series analyses of Landsat imagery for 55 selected forested sites across the conterminous U.S.A. The output is a pair of...
Climate Change Impacts on Air Quality and Human Health,"U.S. Environmental Protection Agency — This dataset contains modeled temperature, ozone, and PM2.5 data for the United States over the 21st century, using two global climate model scenarios and two..."
"NCEI/WDS Global Historical Tsunami Database, 2100 BC to Present","National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce — The Global Historical Tsunami Database provides information on over 2,400 tsunamis from 2100 BC to the present in the the Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific Oceans; and..."
Change in Snowfall,U.S. Environmental Protection Agency — This indicator shows the average rate of change in total snowfall from 1930 to 2007 at 419 weather stations in the contiguous 48 states. Blue circles represent...
